Form validation with Javascript lesson: Change link (#24324)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/javascript_in_the_real_world/form_validation_with_javascript.md

3. Write the simple form elements.
4. Add the JavaScript code that checks validation as the user progresses through the form.  When a user leaves a form field, it should automatically validate that field.
5. Test out all possible cases.

> 6. Don't forget to style validations with CSS. You can go through our [Form Validation lesson](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-intermediate-html-and-css-form-validation) for a refresher.

Reviewer: Users on the Ruby path will suffer the same issue with this link being updated to the Node path. Rather than link to this lesson, where really only a small section is relevant to this instruction, what if instead we just said:

```suggestion
6. Don't forget to style validations with CSS by using the `:valid` and `:invalid` psuedo-classes!
```

Author: You're right. I didn't realize that both paths used the same code for this page. Your suggestion is better, thanks!
